Changed jester and MIA visibility for independent roles to be configurable on a per role bases (#439)
Custom-Roles-for-TTT/TTT-Custom-Roles: RELEASE.md

### Changes
- Changed appearance of 'KILL' icon used by multiple roles
- Expanded the `ttt_roleweapons` command to have additional modes such as list, clean, and reload. See the command documentation for more information.

> - Changed jester and MIA visibility for independent roles to be configurable on a per role bases (Arsonist, killer, mad scientist and zombie enabled by default. Drunk, old man and shadow disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed jester and missing in action (MIA) visibility for independent roles to be configurable on a per role basis (Arsonist, killer, mad scientist and zombie enabled by default. Drunk, old man and shadow disabled by default)
```
